Update README (#293)
aragon/osx: packages/contracts/README.md

npx solhint 'contracts/**/*.sol' --fix
```

## Documentation

You can find all documentation regarding how to use this protocol in [Aragon's Developer Portal here](https://devs.aragon.org).

## Contributing

If you like what we're doing and would love to support, please review our `CONTRIBUTING_GUIDE.md` [here](https://github.com/aragon/osx/blob/develop/CONTRIBUTION_GUIDE.md). We'd love to build with you.

## Etherscan verification

> To try out Etherscan verification, you first need to deploy a contract to an Ethereum network that's supported by Etherscan, such as Ropsten.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To try out Etherscan verification, you first need to deploy a contract to an Ethereum testnet that's supported by Etherscan, such as [goerli](https://goerli.etherscan.io) or [sepolia](https://sepolia.etherscan.io).
```
